First Name: Al Amin
Last Name: Miah
Gender: Male (Heterosexual / straight)
Age: 50
Birth Date: 1976-03-08
Street: 123 W 31st St
City: New York
State / Region: New York / NY
Zip Code: 10001
Phone: 959-582-8149
Email: alaminmiah1976@gmail.com
Wife Age: 40
Children Age (Boy): 13
Children Age (Girl): 12
Education Level: Master's or Professional Degree / graduate / post-graduate

What is your date of birth?
Answer: 03/08/1976

What is your birth in year?
Answer: 1976

What is your age?
Answer: 50

Please choose the answer from this category what age best describe to you?
Answer: 45-54 / 50

What is your zip/Postal code?
Answer: 10001

What is your postal code?
Answer: 10001

What is your gender?
Answer: Male ( Heterosexual / straight )

What is your current marital status?
Answer: Married

How many children do you have under the age of 18?
Answer: Two.

Which of the following best describes your race?
Answer: White

If you are Hispanic / Latino what best describes your heritage?
Answer: No Hispanic/Not Hispanic

What is the highest level of education you have completed?
Answer: Master's or Professional Degree / graduate /post-gradute

What best describes your current employment status?
Answer: Employed full-time (35/40+ hours)

What is your job title, level, or responsibility?
Answer: information technology, computer software

Which department do you primarily work within at your organization?
Answer: Information technology, computer software

Which departments/products do you have influence or decisionmaking authority for spending/purchasing?
Answer: Marketing, Seals, Advertising , financial services, IT hardware, IT software

Which of the following categories best describes your organization's primary industry?
Answer: manager, senior management, chief technology officer,director

Approximately what is the annual revenue for your organization/?
Answer: 50-99 million

Approximately how many employees work at your organization? / all location
Answer: 2500-5000

What industries do members of your household, including yourself, work in?
Answer: information technology, computer software

What is your annual household income before taxes?
Answer: 125000-149999

Do you smoke?
Answer: Yes, I smoke

What best describes your current household?
Answer: Own house / single family house

Have you been diagnosed with any of the following illnesses/conditions?
Answer: Allergies (not associated with Hay Fever), Back Pain, Dental Problem, Depression, Diabetes ( type 1), Smoking Addiction

Are you registered to vote?
Answer: Yes

Which of the following electronic products do you own?
Answer: Blu-ray/DVD player, Portable game console (e.g. Sony PSP GO), Digital Camera, PC/Mac laptop or portable, Cell Phone, Cable TV/Satellite TV, Printer, 3D TV, Home Internet, Digital Media, Tablet.

In your household, are you the person who makes most of the daily purchasing decisions?
Answer: Yes / Sole decision maker

Which of the following pets are present in your household?
Answer: Cat(1), Dog(1)

Which, if any, of these drinks have you consumed in the past four weeks?
Answer: Beer, Wine, Energy drinks, Coffee, Tea, carbonated soft drinks, Fruit drinks/Juices, Bottled Water, Pre-mixed packaged spirits

Do you drive a car regularly?
Answer: Yes, I have a car

Do you possess a driver's license?
Answer: Yes

When do you estimate that you will purchase/lease your next car?
Answer: Two years from now / within 3-6 month

Are you the primary decision maker in your household for automotive-related purchases?
Answer: Yes

If you own/lease a car(s), which brand(s) are they?
Answer: Audi/Nissan (Select Only 2)

How would you describe the vehicle(s) you own/lease?
Answer: Full Size, Mid-Size

In which year did you purchase/lease your main vehicle?
Answer: 2023

What year was your main vehicle (owned or leased) manufactured?
Answer: 2022

Did you purchase/lease your primary vehicle new or used?
Answer: New

Do you own a motorcycle?
Answer: “Yes”

What is your primary role in your organization?
Answer: manager / director

What is your professional position in the organization you work for?
Answer: manager / director

Which of the following best describes your current profession?
Answer: A. I don't work in the construction industry. B. I don't work in the education industry. C. I don't work in the healthcare industry.

Which IT role(s)/function(s) do you operate within?
Answer: computer software

In the last year, have you engaged in any of the following job-related activities?
Answer: Asked for/provided career advice, used an online social network to advance your career.

Which of the following best describes your primary role at work?
Answer: information technology, computer software

Please indicate your title. Select one response.
Answer: information technology, computer software

If you stated that you have been diagnosed with diabetes, can you define the type of diabetes?
Answer: Diabetes 1

If you stated that you have been diagnosed with cancer, can you define the type of cancer?
Answer: I don't have cancer

On average, how many cigarettes do you smoke in a day?
Answer: 4 to 7 cigarettes

What are your household investable assets (not including homeownership)?
Answer: $500,000 - $999,999

Are you the primary decision maker in your household for grocery purchases?
Answer: Yes

Are you and your partner/spouse currently expecting a baby?
Answer: No

Would you say that in your household you speak...?
Answer: English all the time

Please choose the options that best describe your household.
Answer: I have one or more children under the age of 18 living in my household

In your household, which of the following things are you responsible or partially responsible for making decisions about?
Answer: Internet, Television, Banking, Automobile, Finance, Mortgage

How many people live in your household including yourself?
Answer: 4 persons

Are you the primary decision maker of purchases of electronic products in your household?
Answer: Yes

Where do you do your main grocery shopping?
Answer: Walmart, Target, Aldi, costco

What are your hobbies and interests?
Answer: Cooking, Fishing, playing music, playing video/computer games, Travel, Watch Sports on TV

How many hours a week do you exercise/participate in sports?
Answer: 05 to 07 hours

How often do you go to the movie theatre?
Answer: Four or more times per month

Which of the following beverages do you regularly consume?
Answer: Coffee, Energy Drinks, Imported beer, Red Wine, White Wine, Champagne, Vodka, Flavoured liquor

On average, how many hours of radio do you listen to per week?
Answer: 6 to 7

What sports do you regularly participate in?
Answer: Cricket, Basketball

How many hours per week do you spend playing video/computer games?
Answer: 7 to 13 / or more hours

Which of the following devices do you use to play games?
Answer: Played offline video games on Mobile , Gaming console

On average, how many hours of television do you watch per week?
Answer: More than 10 hours

On average, how many alcoholic drinks do you consume in a week?
Answer: 1 to 2

Which of the following outlet/discount chains have you purchased from in the last 12 months?
Answer: Walmart, Target, Aldi

Which of the following types of vacation/holidays do you usually go on?
Answer: Visiting Friends & Family, Boating/Fishing

Would you consider yourself to be an early adopter of new technology (the first to buy new gadgets/electronics/etc)?
Answer: Yes

Do you have a webcam and are you willing to use it for an online research opportunity?
Answer: Yes, I have a webcam.

In politics today, do you consider yourself a Democrat, Republican, or Independent?
Answer: Republican/ strong Republican

Which of the following religions do you most closely identify with?
Answer: Christian/Protestant/Roman catholic

What type of smartphone do you primarily use?
Answer: Samsung

Do you use a smart phone?
Answer: Yes

Which of these is your carrier for your primary mobile / cell phone?
Answer: Verizon Wireless / AT&T

Which of the following financial products do you own?
Answer: Personal loan, Mortgage, Credit Card, Checking account, Savings account

Which social media do you actively use?
Answer: Facebook, Social Media, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube, Snap Chat. WhatsApp.

In which type of accommodation have you stayed in the past year?
Answer: 4-star Hotel, 5-star hotel

How often do you fly for business?
Answer: Once every 2-4 months

Which of the following best describes what role you play when making traveling decisions for you and your household?
Answer: I am the sole decision-maker in airline and travel choices

For which purposes do you travel by plane?
Answer: Both, Leisure and Business

Which Of these hotel chains, which one(s) have you stayed at during the last 12 months?
Answer: 4-star Hotel, 5-star hotel

How many flights did you book online in the past year?
Answer: 7to 9

Which airlines have you flown with during the last 12 months?
Answer: United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, jet Blue, Virgin Atlantic

Which of the following countries/regions have you travelled to in the last 12 months?
Answer: Australia, Japan, North America

When you fly, which types of flights do you take?
Answer: Both domestic and international

About how often do you access social media service?
Answer: Several times a day

What Kind of video/computer games do you play?
Answer: 1st Person Shooter/Acton Call of Duty,3rd Person Adventure, Point & Click Adventure, Sports/FIFA, Role playing Game, Massively Multiplayer online/Warcraft, Fighting/Street Fighter, Party Games/Casual Facebook Games

How often do you eat fast food in any given week?
Answer: 1 to 3 times

Which of the following lending products have you obtained in th past 24 months?
Answer: Personal Loan, Home Equity loan, Student Loan.

Which of the following bank do you currently have a banking relationship with?
Answer: Bank of America, American Express

Do You Use Glasses or contact lenses?
Answer: Yes.

How many computer/video Games a month do you purchase?
Answer: 1

How many DVDs/Blu-rays do you purchase on a monthly basis?
Answer: 4 to 6

What kinds of movies do you watch when you go to the movietheatre?
Answer: Action, Animated, Children’s films, Comedy, Drama, Horror, Musicals, Mystery, Science Fiction, Thriller

Which of the following fast casual restaurants do you visit at least once every 3 months?
Answer: Boston Market, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Five Guys Burgers & Fries, Firebirds, Friendly’s, Jerry’s Subs & Pizza, Jason’s Deli, Panda express, Skyline Chili, Smashburger, WinG stop, Baxby’s, Tim Horton’s.

Which fast food restaurants have you visited ever?
Answer: A&W Restaurants, Arby’s, Burger King, Charley’s Grilled Subs, Hungry Jacks, KFC, McDonald’s, Panda express, Pizza Hut, Subway, Taco Bell, Wendy’s

Which of the following TV Show do you currently watch?
Answer: The Dr Oz Show, Crossing Swords (On Hulu), Cobra Kale, The Chi (Season 3 on Showtime), The Boys (Prime Video), Coyote (Season 1), S.W.A.T, The Crown on Netflix.

Which types of publications do you read?
Answer: Computers & Electronics magazines, Cooking & food magazines, Entertainments, Fashion, Health & Fitness, Music, Science, technology, Travel

Which of the following do you currently subscribe to/own?
Answer: Connected Device for the TV Set (Chromecast), Premium channels Through your paid TV Service (HBO), Tablet computer(iPad), Smart phone (iPhone, Android), Video Strimming (Netflix), Video Games, Paid music (Spotify, Apple Music), Smart home system (Google Home, Alexa), Cable (Xfinity)

Which types/genres of podcasts do you usually listen to?
Answer: Society & Culture, Music, Educations, Government & Organizations, TV & Film, Health, Science & Medicine, Technology, Sports & recreation, Kids & Family.

Have you shopped for any of the following insurance products & services in the past 12 months?
Answer: health insurance, Homeowners insurance

Which of the following online retailers have you shopped at in the past 30 days?
Answer: Amazon, Best Buy, eBay, Target.com, Walmart.com

Do you use hearing aid?
Answer: No

Which international airlines have you flown with during the last 12 months?
Answer: Singapore Airlines, EgyptAir, Emirates, Air Canada

Have you tried to quit smoking using any of these products/methods?
Answer: Cold Turkey, Veep

What type of mobile phone plan do you have?
Answer: Pre-paid

Which of the following is your primary home internet service provider?
Answer: Verizon

Which of these is your carrier for your primary mobile / cell phone?
Answer: AT&T / Verizon Wireless

Which of these devices do you regularly use with an internet connection?
Answer: Desktop Pc, Apple Tv, Smart Phone, Tablet, Speaker

Which of the following healthcare-related things have you done in the last 3 months?
Answer: Video call phone call of text with a doctor

how Frequently do you rent or download movies for home viewing?
Answer: Three times per month

Which of the following brands of jeans if any have you brought within past 6 months?
Answer: Levi’s, Old Navy, American Eagle

how frequently do you listen to podcasts?
Answer: Every day or most days

Which of the following services do you utilize on a regular basis?
Answer: Lyft, Grub hub, Airbnb, UberEATS, Uber, Door Dash

Which of the following activities have you done in past month?
Answer: Ranted a car, Stayed in a hotel

What are you like to do as hobby?
Answer: Swimming, Fishing, Hunting, Motorcycling, Biking.

When did you obtain your mortgage?
Answer: 3 to 6 months ago

How do you play video/computer games?
Answer: With others in the same room, with others through an internet connection

Which of the following TV providers do you subscribe at your primary residence?
Answer: AT&T U-verse

Which of the following magazines do you read at least once every 1-2 months?
Answer: Time, Vogue, Men’s health, Food & wine, ESPN the Magazine, Entertainment weekly, Allure, Bloomberg BusinessWeek.

Please select your car model!
Answer: Audi A 8 Sedan

Have you suffered from any of the following employment-related issues due to covid-19?
Answer: No, my employment has not been affected by those policies.

Which of the following credit cards do you use?
Answer: American Express, Discover, Master Card, Visa

Which of the following credit cards do you use mostly?
Answer: American Express

How often do you go online on a computer?
Answer: Several times a day

Which gaming platforms do you regularly use?
Answer: Netflix, Amazon, Hulu Etc

What if any kind of health insurance do you have?
Answer: Self-insured

What kind of internet connection do you use at home?
Answer: Satellite, Wireless

Have you done any online research in last week / last month?
Answer: No

Do you or dose anyone in your household work in any of the following industries?
Answer: None of the above ( IT - only for samplicio )

Have you participated in a market research study within the past 2 weeks, on any of the following topics?
Answer: No

Do you, or does anyone in your immediate family work for any of the following industries?
Answer: None of the above

To the best of your knowledge, what is your credit score (also known as your FICO score)?
Answer: 750-800

When added up, how much do you think your household's total net income is (after taxes) for paying rent, groceries, etc. per month?
Answer: More than $7500, Between $6501 and $7500

What color is a traffic Stop sign?
Answer: Red

Which of these brands do you associate with...? Select all that apply. With dinner
Answer: Moët & Chandon, Veuve Clicquot, Chandon, Taittinger, None of the above
